





	
Bio

Ian Hobbs is a highly respected Artist and media maker. 
He works in photography, motion graphics and websites. 
He transforms conceptual thought and abstract ideas into clear, elegant media outcomes. He has developed and taught undergraduate courses in New Media, Design and Photography. Institutions include; Sydney University, University of Western Sydney and Uni of Newcastle. He is currently working as Ian Hobbs Media. "A creative consultancy for media production. My happy place is between images and code. My work often sits between spaces. Between design and art. Between you and me. Communicating an idea fit for a purpose".
‘My process might begin with meeting a need to visualise or communicate and idea, a thing, a space. It can be a kind of struggle to negotiating with the terrain you find yourself in. The resulting output can be a kind of romance of the highest vision of the idea. The best work changes me. New thoughts come. I have crossed over into new territory and hopefully, the works become tokens of that process.’ Ian Hobbs

Below is a publishing focused CV.A Employment CV is available at https://cv.ianhobbsmedia.com.au

Qualifications
1999 B.A. (Hons.), Sydney College of the Arts, University of Sydney. Major in Photo media / Electronic Media
1985 B.A. College of Fine Arts, University of NSW, Major in Photo-media and Multimedia


Exhibitions, Publications & Screen works.
2022 	‘Consequences’. Screen + web performance. Grace Cossington Smith Gallery
	‘Nano Black’ a browser plugin. https://github.com/ianhobbs/nano_black
2020 	'Clean it Up’ :  Bundanon Residency. NSW	‘Fireweed’  :  Music video.
	‘A Thousand Words’ : 30m animation + website. Commission. Sydney Museum.
2019 	‘Voices within’ : Animation for architecture for Robyn Backen. Green Square 		NSW 
2018	‘Operation Crayweed’ Video : StudioTCS2017 	'Waterfall' vIdeo : StudioTCS
	‘Human’ video : Ainslie Murray UNSW Architecture
	‘Swing’ video : StudioTCS
	‘Thought Train’ : Robyn Backen + Ian Hobbs - Wynscreen commissioned 		screen work.
2016	‘Chester Nealie Etched in Fire’  Ron Sang Publications NZ. photography
2012 	'Making Halo' - documentary Frasers Setsui/Partridge 6min documentary of 	 	the making of Halo for City Central Park development.
	'Last Word' Performance- Bundanon Trust -  Nowra NSW - with Robyn Backen 		and others.
	'Honouring Names Tent Embassy' - Animation . Message Sticks 2012, 			Sydney Opera House. Artistic Director - Rhoda Roberts  d.14min
	'ACPET 25 years' - documentary on the history of Australian Council Private 		Education and Training. 35min
2011	'Days' video - Dir. Djon Mundine. 18min screened Lismore Regional Gallery 		NSW
 	'Last Word'  Performance - Bundanon Trust -  Nowra NSW - with Robyn Backen 		and others.
2009 	‘Liz Williamson: Textiles’ Craft Council NSW. publication. photography
2006	'Matthew and Others' Catalogue, Campbelltown Art Centre, photography.
2005 	‘Ali or 3li’  Essay and photography for catalogue Casula Powerhouse.
2004  	'Welcome to my Loungeroom' – Video Installation. Penrith and Lewers Bequest 		Regional Gallery. NSW.  Collaboration with Helen Grace and Cheryle Yin-Lo
	‘Art First' – University of Newcastle Staff Group show – Qdeck, Mt Penang NSW.
2002  	'Selenium Revisited' – group show – Marrickville Art Space
1999	‘Degree Show: Sydney College of the Arts - The University of Sydney. 			photography.
1998 	'Morse code' - Interactive movie for Art Space Wooloomooloo with Robyn 		Backen
	'Latitudes', Merryn Gates et al.,  ANU Canberra School of Art, Canberra. 		photography
1997 	‘Circus Circus' - screening, Hellfire Club, Sydney
	'Luminous Insects' - performance, Fringe Festival, Sydney
	'Banalities' - performance, collaboration with Ruark Lewis,	Performance Space, Side on Gallery. Lux Valornia. NSW
1994~1996 'Treasures of the Art Trail' - Travelling exhibition of Photographs from the 		‘Treasures project ’numerous Regional Galleries of NSW.
1988 	'Shh/Ratios of Luminance' - collaboration with Joyce Hinterding, Perspecta, 		Performance Space, Sydney
1987 	’Twelve' - group show, First Draft Gallery, Sydney


Awards Grants and Collections	

2003	Recipient of Premiers Department Grant with Penrith Regional Gallery	
1999	Recipient of New Media Grant for Interactive Works,  Australia Council.
1996	The Art Directors Club, New York, NY 75th Awards, 'Merit Award for			Editorial  Publications' for Object Magazine, Craft Council of NSW.	
1987	National Gallery of Australia. 'Sea Shell Headset' Ian Hobbs & Joyce 			Hinterding. Collection
1984	National Gallery of Australia. Poster, 'May 1st Club - Smash Capital’ Collection